In the circuit work,
we visit several poor communities
in the city of Rio de Janeiro.
One of the challenges
we face here is security.
In these communities,
there are a lot of conflicts and shootings
between rival drug cartels
and between gang members and the police.
It’s common for us to see
armed gang members when we’re preaching,
and often they are taking drugs.
When we’re visiting
the congregations in these communities,
the brothers really take care of us
and don’t let us out of their sight.
They’re always thinking about our safety
because we’re not locals,
and it’s possible that some gang members
may not like us being there.
Most of these communities
have a lot of steps to walk up and down,
and many of our brothers
have physical limitations.
However, just knowing
that our brothers are always close by
gives us the strength
to continue serving them in the circuit.
All of these acts of love,
whether large or small,
really motivate us
to keep working for Jehovah.
We owe a lot to the brothers and sisters
for helping us
get through all of these situations.